Alright, let's see... right now, it's 11:00 and we open at 11:30 so we have a half hour to prepare for the whole day.
Opening is pretty simple: all you have to do is check stock, reservations, and special instructions. 
This board on the wall gives you all the information you need.
Lulu or one of the chefs will always leave a note here if something is out of stock for the day.
This means that all our orders that contain these ingredients will be unavailable, and it's your job to let customers know if they order it.
For example, today, we're out of shiitake so we won't have any rolls containing shiitake, as well as the mushroom bomb appetizer.
If you ever need a refresher, by the way, our menus show all the orders with their ingredients listed next to them.
Be sure to refer to this whenever you're stuck!
Now, we should check the board again for any reservations that we may have today.
It says here that we have a reservation at 12pm. I'd say to reserve the tables 30 minutes in advance, just to be safe. 
Here, let me show you how to put tables together for larger parties.
Our tables each fit either 2 or 4 people. Since we have 6 coming for the reservation, we have to put two of them together.
These two will do. Click one table and then click on the other table you want to attach it to in order to put them together!
Now, to reserve a table, you just hover your mouse over the table and press 'R'.
Go ahead, try it now!
Perfect! You're a fast learner. Finally, let's check the special orders.
Click on the board again.
It looks like there are no special instructions for today. 
Occasionally, Lulu will give us a task such as going to the locak market to pick up ingredients, or making a delivery, etc.
So make sure to keep an eye on this list!
Well, that's pretty much it for the preparations! Now it's time to open up shop.
You see that light switch over there? It's our open sign. Go ahead and turn it on!
Great job, newbie! I know it's a lot of information but you got through it.
I have to go start cooking now, but Lulu should be down any minute. 
She'll teach you how to serve the customers. Good luck!